The
Mister Moshiya...
Do you think I'm Moshiya Nom aware of what he has to do?
Look.
Pleரacity is my responsibility.
I will accept it.
This is for the sake of the Tohda Iji Kingdom.
I will send a guest to each country.
I will accept this guest from Hokurokudo.
I will accept it.
I will accept this guest from the mountains.
Feast Youskull
可能なかはとならせたものにより
御元度の印
おかひでひらごたのみは adel割 Glue
Therefore, I accept this throne.
We will capture you by trying to control Yamaguchi.
If you look at it, many Yamaguchis will not be able to pass through.
Therefore, I accept this throne.
We will capture you by trying to control Yamaguchi.
If you look at it, many Yamaguchis will not be able to pass through.